Search - CEN-CENELEC About CEN CEN Communities Technical Work Structure and Governance Coordination and Advisory Bodies About CENELEC CENELEC Communities Technical Work Structure and Governance Coordination and Advisory Bodies Contact Us Management Centre Meeting Centre Search Standards MY EXPERT AREA CEN Expert Area CENELEC Expert Area SEARCH EUROPEAN STANDARDIZATION EUROPEAN STANDARDIZATION CEN and CENELEC European Standards Strategy 2030 Sustainable Development Goals International Cooperation IPR and Patents GET INVOLVED GET INVOLVED European Industry Partners Small and Medium Enterprises Societal Stakeholders Research and Innovation AREAS OF WORK AREAS OF WORK CEN-CENELEC Topics CEN Business Sectors CENELEC Business Sectors NEWS &amp; EVENTS NEWS &amp; EVENTS News Events About CEN About CENELEC Management Centre Meeting Centre MY CEN EXPERT AREA MY CENELEC EXPERT AREA Search Standards Search results Sort by relevance Sort by modification date Results 1-10 of 203 Sort by relevance Sort by modification date Webinar &#39;Dating of Normative references in EN ISOs harmonized standards&#39; This webinar aims in providing a tool to Working Groups having to base EN harmonized standard onto ISO standard; the tool foresees to include a second table in the Annex ZA to establish the correspondence between the undated references of clause 2 in the ISO standard and dated EN ISO. Additionally, it will also give a reminder on the correct dating of normative reference in harmonized standards. European Labels Back to School, Back to Standards! September has arrived, and this means that for most of us, the holidays are over: adults are heading back to work, and children are getting ready for a new school year. But behind the excitement of fresh notebooks and new classrooms lies a hidden world that keeps learning safe, comfortable, and fun: European Standards. New European standards for the circular design of fishing gear and aquaculture equipment have been published The EN 17988 series of European standards on the circular design of fishing gear and aquaculture equipment has officially been published, marking a significant milestone in promoting circularity within the fishing gear industry. Developed by CEN/TC 466, these standards provide a comprehensive framework to support circular design and life-cycle management of fishing gear and aquaculture equipment. Webinar on EN ISO 14083 - GHG emissions accounting for transport operations, in the context of new Commission’s proposal CountEmissions and other relevant EU legislation CountEmissions EU will ensure better comparability and transparency of GHG emissions of passengers and freight transport services thereby incentivising behavioural change among businesses and customers towards reducing GHG emissions and making transport services more efficient. EN ISO 14083, newly published in 2023, provides an internationally recognized basis upon which can be used for this. EN ISO 15253 “Ophthalmic optics and instruments — Optical and electro-optical devices for enhancing low vision” CEN recently published new standard EN ISO 15253 ‘Ophthalmic optics and instruments — Optical and electro-optical devices for enhancing low vision’. The new standard specifies requirements for manufacturers of instruments for use by the visually impaired as low vision aids. Scientific References Discover new EN 17483-1 on the protection of critical infrastructure The protection of critical infrastructure is essential in complex societies as the ones we are all living in. To optimise the protection through prevention, CEN recently developed new standard EN 17483-1 ‘Private security services - Protection of critical infrastructure - Part 1: General requirements’. Webinar &#39;CRA Standards Unlocked: From EN IEC 62443 to CRA: OT Cybersecurity for Important products Class I &amp; II&#39; With the EU Cyber Resilience Act (CRA) entering into force, the European regulatory landscape is shifting rapidly to address the cybersecurity of products with digital elements. To support this transition, CENELEC TC65X WG3 is leading the adaptation of the internationally recognized EN IEC 62443 series into harmonized European standards (hENs) that meet the essential cybersecurity requirements of the CRA. How European Standards Keep the Holidays Safe, Sustainable, and Joyful The holiday season is a time of celebration, generosity, and togetherness. Homes are filled with festive lights, carefully wrapped gifts, and tables laden with seasonal treats. Behind this familiar Christmas magic, however, lies an invisible but essential framework that helps ensure safety, quality, and sustainability: European Standards. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Our use of cookies We use necessary cookies to make our site work. We'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. We won't set optional cookies unless you enable them. Using this tool will set a cookie on, your device to remember your preferences. Necessary cookies Necessa