Samsung Galaxy S25 Series Sets the Standard of AI Phone as a True AI Companion – Samsung Global Newsroom skip to content Samsung Newsroom Samsung Newsroom Corporate People & Culture Technology Design More Stories Products Mobile TV/Display & AV Home Appliances Semiconductor More Products Social Impact CSR Environment Sustainability Press Resources Press Release Video News Media Library Statements Fast Facts Search open Nation choice page link Menu open Title+Body Title+Body Tag Images X Search Suggestions CES 2026 The First Look 2026 Galaxy Z TriFold Galaxy XR AI Bespoke SmartThings One UI Samsung Art Store Custom range Any time Past week Past month Past year Custom range Category All Corporate Products Social Impact Content Type All Article Press Release Worldwide Search close Samsung Galaxy S25 Series Sets the Standard of AI Phone as a True AI Companion USA on January 23, 2025 AUDIO Play Download Share open Print Pioneering the multimodal era with our most context-aware and personalized mobile experience Samsung Electronics today announced the Galaxy S25 Ultra, Galaxy S25+ and Galaxy S25, setting a new standard as a true AI companion with our most natural and context-aware mobile experiences ever created. Introducing multimodal AI agents, the Galaxy S25 series is the first step in Samsung’s vision to change the way users interact with their phone — and with their world. A first-of-its-kind customized Snapdragon ® 8 Elite Mobile Platform for Galaxy chipset delivers greater on-device processing power for Galaxy AI 1 and superior camera range and control with Galaxy’s next-gen ProVisual Engine. “The greatest innovations are a reflection of their users, which is why we evolved Galaxy AI to help everyone interact with their devices more naturally and effortlessly while trusting that their privacy is secured,” said TM Roh, President and Head of Mobile eXperience Business at Samsung Electronics. “Galaxy S25 series opens the door to an AI-integrated OS that fundamentally shifts how we use technology and how we live our lives.” Our Most Intuitive and Effortless Mobile Interactions Yet With One UI 7, 2 the Galaxy S25 series is a true AI companion that understands the context of your needs and preferences and provides personalized AI experiences with privacy assured at every turn. It’s the starting point of a shared vision with Google to imagine Android with AI at the core, bringing together developers and partners from around the world. AI agents with multimodal capabilities enable Galaxy S25 to interpret text, speech, images and videos for interactions that feel natural. Upgrades to Google’s Circle to Search 3 make searching your phone screen more helpful, fast and contextual. Circle to Search now quickly recognizes phone numbers, email and URLs on your screen, letting you call, email or visit a website with a single tap. With Galaxy S25 series, you can also perform actionable searches with context-aware suggestions for next steps. Plus, Galaxy S25 makes it frictionless to switch between apps for quick follow-up actions, like sharing a GIF or saving event details. Galaxy S25 also represents a breakthrough in natural language understanding, making everyday interactions easier. Simply ask and intuitively find a specific photo in Samsung Gallery or adjust the size of display fonts in Settings. Just press and hold the side button to activate Gemini and perform seamless interaction across Samsung and Google apps, plus third-party apps such as Spotify. For example, find your favorite sports team’s season schedule and add it to Samsung Calendar — with a single command. These intuitive interactions are elevated by expansions to Galaxy AI’s popular tools for communication, productivity and creativity. Galaxy S25 keeps calls organized with Call Transcript 4 and summary. Writing Assist features such as summarizing content or automatically formatting notes can be enabled where texts can be selected, without needing to switch between applications. Drawing Assist 5 unlocks fresh ways to bring ideas to life through combinations of sketches, text or image prompts. Hyper-Personalized Experiences With Privacy Secured In the era of AI, personalization goes hand-in-hand with privacy. On Galaxy S25, the Personal Data Engine 6 powers personalized AI features by safely analyzing your data on-device to deliver highly tailored experiences that reflect your preferences and usage patterns. These insights enable tailored experiences such as searching for an old photo in the Gallery using natural language, or being guided through the day with Now Brief, 7 which proactively offers suggestions accessible via Now Bar 8 on the lock screen. All personalized data is kept private and secured by Knox Vault . Combined with enhanced on-device processing capabilities, this creates a powerful, protected AI experience that is unique to Galaxy. Galaxy S25 also introduces post-quantum cryptography , safeguarding personal data against emerging threats that c
